src/docs/author-page-types.md, before:

# DapperDox page types 

DapperDox documentation is made up of six page types, listed below, each of which may be
[overlaid](/docs/author-overlays) with custom content.


## Specification list page

This page lists the API specifications that are available for reference, and is the default
homepage when multiple specifications are loaded by DapperDox. If documenting a single specification
this page is not shown, unless forced to by a [configuration option](/docs/configuration-guide).


## Specification summary page

This page lists the all APIs defined by a specification, grouped by `api-group`. It is the first page displayed when a specification is selected from the `specification-list`, and the default homepage when a single specification is loaded by DapperDox.


## API group summary page

This page lists the API operations within a single `api-group`.


## Method page

This page describes an API method (or operation), giving the request parameters, responses and includes
an embedded [API explorer](/docs/explorer-concepts).


## Resource page

This page describes an API resource that may be produced or consumed by an API.


## Guides

This is the collective name given to the bespoke authored documentation you have provided to
supplement that which DapperDox generates from the Swagger specification. See [writing guides](/docs/author-guides) for further details.

Commit message:

Use page metadata to set meta enterties in HTML.

src/docs/author-page-types.md, after:

Title: DapperDox page type
Description: Overview of the page types supported by DapperDox
Keywords: DapperDox, pages, content

# DapperDox page types 

DapperDox documentation is made up of six page types, listed below, each of which may be
[overlaid](/docs/author-overlays) with custom content.


## Specification list page

This page lists the API specifications that are available for reference, and is the default
homepage when multiple specifications are loaded by DapperDox. If documenting a single specification
this page is not shown, unless forced to by a [configuration option](/docs/configuration-guide).


## Specification summary page

This page lists the all APIs defined by a specification, grouped by `api-group`. It is the first page displayed when a specification is selected from the `specification-list`, and the default homepage when a single specification is loaded by DapperDox.


## API group summary page

This page lists the API operations within a single `api-group`.


## Method page

This page describes an API method (or operation), giving the request parameters, responses and includes
an embedded [API explorer](/docs/explorer-concepts).


## Resource page

This page describes an API resource that may be produced or consumed by an API.


## Guides

This is the collective name given to the bespoke authored documentation you have provided to
supplement that which DapperDox generates from the Swagger specification. See [writing guides](/docs/author-guides) for further details.
